---
title: "14-35"
date: "2017-11-03"
categories: 
  - "bounty-hunters"
tags: 
  - "backdraft"
  - "grease-monkey"
  - "gtl"
  - "imp"
  - "malpractice"
  - "old-maid"
  - "open-out"
  - "pet-sounds"
  - "queequeg"
  - "sooner"
---

- **When:** 11/2//2017
- **QIC:** Pet Sounds
- **The PAX:** GTL, Grease, Oxtail????, Quebue, Imp, Sooner, Open Out, Malpractice, Backdraft,Old Maid,x,x,PetSounds (YHC will update if someone can help me with the missing two names) Is Oxtail the correct name (help me out!)

With a great tailgate hanging with friends, old, new and F3 Saturday 10/28 started as good as it could!  By half time of what would become a great ND win over NCSU YHC raised his hand to grab any Q available…   

With all the travel lately, YHC felt like he was in a strange place with new and old friends. Arriving early to scope out the plan, and realized all was foiled by a padlock on the turf field.  Audible, we will run a bit more than planned - down to the school!

**Go Time 0545**

- Jog down to the elementary school  
- SSH x 30 (IC)
- Merkins x 30 (OMD)
- Plank Jacks x 20 (IC)
- Mountain Climbers x20 (IC)
- Partner Larry Curb Leg Press - YHC highly recommends more of these.   Get your lean on!

## **The Thang:**  

- Mozy to the soccer field
- 3 circuits down the field OYO
    - 10x Merkins
    - Lunge Walk to ¼
    - Crawl Bear to ½
    - Broadjump Burpee to ¾
    - Army Crawl to end of field
    - Finish with 10x Catalina Whinemakers
    - Run the track back to the start

## **Mary**

- J Lo x20 (IC)
- LBC x20 (IC)
- Shaquira 10x ea side (IC)
- Box Cutter x20 (IC)

**Announcements**

Christmas Party!! Bond Bros 12/14

**Prayer Requests**

Patience in our family life

Uncle David

Guidance to say the right thing in difficult situations

**Naked Moleskin**

Thank you for being the influence the YHC needs in his life.
