---
title: "#2247 - SWW 12/27/19"
date: "2019-12-27"
categories: 
  - "slippery-when-wet"
tags: 
  - "adjacent"
  - "cauliflower"
  - "grease-monkey"
  - "hermes"
  - "hgtv"
  - "joe-smith"
  - "leprechaun"
  - "oofta"
  - "pickles"
  - "term-paper"
---

4 or 5 for 7800° EC run (including Term Paper completing the full EC run). 10 including YHC for the main event. A formal briefing was conducted at 0545 and we jogged up some stairs to a parking deck (yes, Cauliflower, there is a parking deck magnet that mysteriously draws a Q in). Circle up for a standard Shut-In warm-up with a break for 10 Burpees OYO. The word on the street was that this week's record of LBCs stood at 480. YHC accepted that as a challenge. Run down to the bottom of the stairs for 20 merkins, halfway back up do 30 squats, at the top level of the parking deck do 40 in cadence LBCs. Repeat this a couple of times. Jog to the Wal-Mart store #2247 Garden Center (YHC's second W-2 source) for 40 more in cadence LBCs. Jog into the Walmart entrance (yes, we did). Jog to the Harris Teeter for 40 more in cadence LBCs. Jog to the Odyssey Warm Up parking lot for some more LBCs. Jog to the flag for some LBCs and assorted mary by HGTV and Leprechaun. 1 minute of silent Have a Nice Day.  
Announcements:  
Convergence on 1/1 at 0700 at Bond Park. Likely an EC Maynard for this considering the incredibly late start.  
New to be named AO opens at the old Carbonated Video parking lot on 1/8 at 0530. 
Prayer Requests:  
Lookout's M has surgery right now  
Pickles' brother-in-law's mother is suffering from pancreatic cancer and likely in her last days, hoping for a restored relationship.  
NMS:  
Make it a great day fellas! Thank you for reminiscing with me this morning on the glory days of yore. We are still accepting naming ideas for the new AO. Go Owls!
