---
title: "24 - 16 (now)"
date: "2018-12-23"
categories: 
  - "phoenix"
tags: 
  - "banjo"
  - "boo-boo"
  - "build-a-bear"
  - "callahan"
  - "cataracts"
  - "chipper"
  - "disco-duck"
  - "flacco"
  - "fluoride"
  - "hotwire"
  - "kermit"
  - "lite-brite"
  - "liverpool"
  - "ollie"
  - "pierogi"
  - "pigeon"
  - "prodigal"
  - "push-it"
  - "riptide"
  - "smokey"
  - "snots"
  - "sooey"
  - "sub"
  - "swag"
  - "term-paper"
  - "texas-ranger"
  - "theismann"
  - "two-factor"
  - "www"
  - "yoga-mat"
  - "yogi"
---

32 including 1 FNG (Liverpool’s brother)

**PREBLAST**:

Kentucky vs UNC this evening at 5:15 pm on CBS,

Kentucky and UNC have met 39 times since 1924.

UNC leads the series 24 wins to Kentucky’s 15

The series between two of the most victorious college basketball programs of all-time, Kentucky (1st) and North Carolina (3rd), as of the writing of this preblast.

**WARMUP**:

SSH x 24

Kentuckys (similar to Imperial Walkers) x 15

GM x 10

Merkins x 24

**THANG 1:**

Superman pulses during explanation

Beast vs Mucho Chesto

Beast:

1\. 8 point man maker Burpee - because - burpee with a plank jack

2\. Monkey humper, facing your opponents bench – 4 ct is one

3\. Bobby Hurley \[because everyone hates Duke\]

4\. Tuck Jumps

5\. Star Jumps - In bound pass blockers, get those feet up and wide

6\. Side shuffle block - 3 heels to heels sideshuffles, then jump both hands straight up for block

\* Mucho Chesto:  at the completion of each lap, pax complete ½ MUCHO CHESTO; 25 merkins, 5 each of standard, wide grip, diamond, left forward, right forward.

**THANG 2**:

4 Corners, at each corner repeat prior exercises and add the next

5 Makhtar N'Diayes

10 Turkish I just took a charge, now Get Up

15 Carolina Dry Docks

20 American Hammers

**THANG 3:**

Partner up for Balls to the Wall/Parking lot suicides. Flap jack

Sit on the bench/Parking lot suicides. Flap jack

Mozy back to shovel flag for LBCs

**Announcements**

Frey Daddy Oakwood 24. Show support by running parts with him and/or donating

New Years convergence FOD

A couple of others

**Prayers**

Ausfahrt recovery

Liverpool

Many others

**NMS**

QUOTES:

_John Calipari: A successful person never loses, they either win or they learn._

_Roy Williams: When asked at press conference, what he felt about Jeff Lawrence’s accusation that UNC Cheats “I don’t care what he says, he’s the dadgum Nan’Tan and he can say whatever he wants.”_

It was great to have a big crowd out for our Co-Q and we truly appreciated all of the complaining.

Welcome back to Hotwire, who made his 2nd annual Carpex visit from Charleston to workout and see the Canes/Pens with his son.

A fine job by all with the naming of Liverpool’s brother. We resisted the temptation to go with something simple like Chelsea. When telling about himself, he inexplicably referred to his kids as Salt and Pepper (with a northern accent, so it came out like Salt n Pepa. Welcome Push It

We continued our focus on safety as both crossings of High House were done as a group.

Playlist was made up of songs with some hoops lyrics or are meant to pump you for an athletic endeavor (except for Yeah, which I just threw in)

Let’s Get it Started – Black Eyed Peas

Welcome to the Jungle – GNR

Wing$ - Macklemore & Ryan Lewis

We will rock you – Queen

Remember the Name – Fort Minor

TNT – AC/DC

Basketball – Kurtis Blow

Right Now – Van Halen

Yeah – Usher w Lil John and Ludacris

Crazy Train – Ozzy

The Pretender – Foo Fighters

ffffffffffff
