---
date: "2017-09-20"
categories: 
  - "shakin-not-stirred"
tags: 
  - "angry-elf"
  - "banjo"
  - "bartman"
  - "beaker"
  - "biner"
  - "burt"
  - "coney"
  - "denali"
  - "flip-flop"
  - "franklin"
  - "half"
  - "hasselhoff"
  - "hello-kitty"
  - "hermes"
  - "hotspot"
  - "joe-smith"
  - "katniss"
  - "khakis"
  - "largemouth"
  - "malpractice"
  - "mccants"
  - "michelob"
  - "midler"
  - "parker"
  - "pbx"
  - "repeato"
  - "riptide"
  - "saban"
  - "shank"
  - "shut-in"
  - "sky-blue"
  - "smokey"
  - "snots"
  - "sooner"
  - "sosa"
  - "term-paper"
  - "water-wings"
  - "wkrp"
  - "youbetcha"
---

- **When:** 9/20/2017
- **QIC:** Pet Sounds
- **The PAX:** see below

As SNS is my 2nd favorite site in F3Carpex (only behind Kryptonite obviously)  I took this Q seriously.  Worked hours in preparation for these famed 45 minutes to deliver a powerful beatdown that would make even Larry happy.  

**Warm up** - lap with around parking lot ending at side of sr ctr.  SSH, GoodMorning, MountainClimbers, PlankJacks, Fozio Sir Fozio (Rev), Mozy to gate

**Thang 1**

5x Light Pole Burpees as we headed towards lower parking lot

**Thang 2**

Partner up

Each partner performs 50 reps of each exercise

- Partner Leg press - crowd favorite that we will see again
- Partner Durkins
- Added laps between sets

Mozy to Rock Pile - circle back to pick up the six

**Thang 3 -** Grab your original partner (one grabs a nice sized rock)

- Partner 1 B2W
- Partner 2 25x reps of:
    - Curls, Press, Rows
    - Partners swap place between sets

**Mozy to Sr Ctr Lawn** for Mary

- 10x Catalina Whine Makers
- 25ic LBC
- 25ic Freddy Merc
- 15x box cutter
- 15x reverse box cutter

**Mozy to Sr str Parking lot for COT**

**Announcements**

10/20 F3 Royalty and Cadre Danny in town for the Capital Ruck Tour - [http://capitaltour2017.com/](http://capitaltour2017.com/)

Full Metal Jacket launches 9/26 0530 @ Salem Pond Park  [https://goo.gl/maps/DKfdn7ZvKpL2](https://goo.gl/maps/DKfdn7ZvKpL2)

Something that I’m forgetting - remind me and I will update

**Prayer Requests**

Keep the entire Caribbean in your hearts and minds - 2 back to back hurricanes have wreaked havoc of death and destruction

Saban mentioned a young athlete that recently tore her MCL.  Prayers for quick healing

Prayers for all of you.  

 

**Naked Moleskin**

Thank you all for being the influence YHC needs in his life.  This proceeding sentence that YHC closes every backblast with is so true.  No Idea where YHC would be without you all.

At our close today YHC asked you to do something non traditional.  Rather than a ball of man kneeling to pray, we formed a circle, shoulder to shoulder.  The purpose was to pull us all together, because together we are stronger than singularly.  As we looked out across the circle you saw faces of men that will be there for you in good times and in bad.  Men that support one another with prayers and praise, making a lastly impact on each others lives.  Take this impact past our F3 community and into your family, neighborhood, kids school, work etc.  Make a difference in all ways you can, you have the power to influence so many, just as you have influenced YHC.
