---
title: "Yeah,  Let's not do that again"
date: "2019-06-20"
categories: 
  - "flying-circus"
tags: 
  - "airbag"
  - "badlands"
  - "banjo"
  - "biner"
  - "clementine"
  - "cro"
  - "five-hole"
  - "franklin"
  - "geek-squad"
  - "goose"
  - "ma-bell"
  - "mozart"
  - "nature-boy"
  - "pbx"
  - "perry"
  - "pigeon"
  - "pivot"
  - "sky-blue"
  - "spit-shine"
  - "trike"
---

As YHC walked around the pax, he noticed a few new faces. Welcome F3 Mozart and his relocation to Carpex from F3 Greensboro. Kotters to 5 Hole. Good to meet CRO and Perry. No FNG’s, Sky Blue led us in the Pledge of Allegiance. Start your Stravas, we’re off.  
  
Mosey to the bottom of the hill intersection for various warm up exercises including Nature Boy led good mornings, in absolutely perfect cadence! WHOOOO.  
  
Run up to Green Level Church Road, 3 Burpees at each light pole. At GLCR, as if by magic, everyone started a squat hold in anticipation of the next directions. That’s what Frisco must feel like when everyone is hanging on his every word and can’t wait for the next set of instructions. It was awe inspiring.  
  
And those instructions were as follows: At the top of the hill, run North on Green Level Church Road, down the hill, to the sixth light pole and complete 10 derkens on the rail. Run back up the hill completing ten merkins at each light pole, plank it out when done. Repeat the aforementioned two more times whilst picking up the pace on the way back up the hill. Repeat one last time but complete 10 four count CDDs on the way back up the hill at each pole.  
  
Start heading back to the flag, stopping at the intersection for Biner led American hammers. Run back to the flag, and then pick up the six.  
  
Circle up for Mary led by Mozart and Perry.  
  
Announcements: TCP Sawgrass on Sunday, Q school on Sunday, both at 2 PM.  
  
Prayers and praises: celebration of life for War Child in Wrightsville Beach this coming Saturday, 8am.

Enjoyed it fellas, Banjo

“Until further notice, celebrate everything.”  
― Anonymous
