---
title: "4-40-4"
date: "2017-07-07"
categories: 
  - "bradfords-ordinary"
  - "f3"
tags: 
  - "angry-elf"
  - "banjo"
  - "biner"
  - "bo-jackson"
  - "callahan"
  - "containment"
  - "coxswain"
  - "dice"
  - "goose"
  - "mississippi"
  - "sky-blue"
  - "smokey"
  - "term-paper"
  - "yoga-mat"
---

Originally planned this workout for my July 4th Q at FOD until that got hijacked. Thus the 4 theme. Fortoenately, this weeks BO Q became available at the last minute due to an unfortoenate event. Anyways, 14 men showed up for this week's BO Q. No FNGs, no Burt, 5 respects and 3 hates.

**WARM UP**

- Jog down to the fountain and circle up
- 20 SSH, 10 GMs, 15 PJs, 10 mountain climbers
- Jog to the lower field at Cary Elementary

**THANG x 4**

- Line up at one end of the field and sprint to the other end
- 40 seconds of prisoner squats, AMRAP
- 40 seconds of crab cakes, AMRAP
- 40 seconds of burpees, AMRAP
- 40 seconds of jump lunges, AMRAP
- Jog back to the starting line
- Mucho Chesto: 10 each, regular merkins, wide-grip merkins, diamond merkins, offset right merkins, offset left merkins (2nd and 3rd sets led by Banjo and TP, respectively)
- Mary: 20 hammers, 20 LBCs, 15 heel touch, 10 dying cockroach (J Lo for the 3rd set led by Callahan)

repeat 3 more times

Not enough time for the last set of Mucho Chestos and Marys.

Jog back to Waldo. Billy run to the parking lot.

**ANNOUNCEMENTS**

- Extended deadline for Durham Bulls game on 7/23 is 7/7
- First FIA at Bond Park will be on Saturday, July 22nd at 8:15a

**PRAYERS**

- Burt's friend Doug and his platoon in Afghanistan
- Callahan's young friend Luke
- Safe travels and best for Mississippi while he attends ministry school
- Prayers and praises for Banjo's friend who will be paddle boarding the Keys to raise awareness for ...

YHC took us out. Fun was had by all. It was a pleasure to lead.
