---
title: "41"
date: "2020-06-22"
categories: 
  - "a-team"
  - "f3"
  - "fitness"
tags: 
  - "cataracts"
  - "chewie"
  - "compound-w"
  - "crimson"
  - "deuce"
  - "frisco"
  - "hamm"
  - "henny-penny"
  - "hgtv"
  - "honeycomb"
  - "imp"
  - "pierogi"
  - "press-on"
  - "saban"
  - "silver-fox"
  - "smokey"
  - "sooey"
  - "sour-mash"
  - "term-paper"
  - "two-factor"
  - "www"
---

Last year I was out of town on my birthday, so this year I planned early and signed up for the Q slot for A-Team months ago. Little did I know how different the world would be over the past few months. I am thankful we are able to get out each morning, support each other, and move our bodies! Here is what went down today:

Arrived a bit early, Crimson was complaining that I had him leave a few minutes earlier than normal but it was great to meet the PAX as the arrived. 5:29 no FNGs, 5:29:30 Frisco rolling in, so quick pledge and off we go!

Mosey to the normal warm up parking lot.

Warm up:

- SSH x 41
- 5 penalty burpees (Frisco was late? We would have done them anyway)
- Good morning
- Windmill
- Sir Fazio
- Merkins - 10 OYO
- Mountain Climbers

Mosey to the pickle for some Dora.

Thing 1:

- Dora: 100 Merkins, 200 LBCs, 300 Squats
- Partner runs the pickle

Thing 2:

- Mosey to basketball court
- bearpees (4 count bear crawl, 1 burpee, 8 then 2, 12 then 3 up to 5) while partner does American Hammers, flip flop.
- lunge same pattern mixed with monkey humpers up to 5 while partner does dying cockroaches
- run to mid court, 5 merkins, end of court 5 merkins, mid court 5 merkins, return 5 merkins (20 total) while partner plank holds.

Mosey back towards flag. Stopping at the bridge for an all you got up the hill.

Mary:

- 100s
- Homer to Marge
- Have a nice day!

Saban was there, so I had to make sure I finished right on time!

COT:

- Quite bunch this morning. Praises for this group and these PAX that help us be stronger each day.
- YHC took us out

NMS:

- Starbucks after, thanks to the PAX that joined me!
- Each year seems to go by faster. Make sure to enjoy everyday!
