---
title: "45"
date: "2021-04-26"
categories: 
  - "measure-twice"
tags: 
  - "mayflower"
  - "mr-safety"
  - "one-four"
  - "parker"
  - "pierogi"
  - "pivot"
  - "red-ryder"
  - "shut-in"
  - "squatter"
  - "torpedo"
---

Met up at the 'flag' with a collection of both new and old faces for measure twice. No headlamps needed. Full moon is tomorrow

**Measure the First:**

- Run 45 minutes. Covered about 5.5 miles in a brisk pace but not so brisk that conversation was impossible. Enjoyed catching up with Mayflower, Torpedo, One Four and Mr. Safety. Squatter grunted once, so I suppose that's a win.
- Back to the 'flag' right on time. Parker and Pivot right behind.

**Measure the Second**:

- A short, fifteen minute version of Sun Salutations with at least four nomenclature screw ups. I think everyone got their stretch on though.
- Pivot brought his King Size mat. He did not share it.

**COT:**

- 10
- Announcements for Freed to Bleed this weekend as well as a Parker-led donation drop at Wake Zone Tuesday after FMJ
- Prayers and Praises for Schroeder's surgery this morning; safe travels and time with my 2.1 this weekend and the brotherhood of F3 from Pivot as he and his 2.1 spend time with Flacco and his.

**NMS**:

Really humbled by the guys who have never been to Measure Twice coming out for my birthday Q. Red Ryder, Mr Safety, Mayflower and Shut-In were all (I think) first timers out here. Feel bad for not spending as much time with each of you all but I want you to know, I am grateful for all of your friendship, support and love. Thank you!
