---
title: "4x13"
date: "2019-03-29"
categories: 
  - "gran-torino"
tags: 
  - "bartman"
  - "biner"
  - "bogo"
  - "chanticleer"
  - "freebird"
  - "geek-squad"
  - "hot-cakes"
  - "largemouth"
  - "ma-bell"
  - "michelob"
  - "old-maid"
  - "one-direction"
  - "pivot"
  - "roxanne"
  - "shut-in"
  - "skipper"
  - "squatter"
  - "the-commish"
---

To borrow a phrase from our Nantan, Ma Bell, today I reached level 52 of life. A strong group of 18 PAX (13 bootcampers, 4 ruckers and 1 bruiser) joined in on the celebration this morning at our Gran Torino AO. Awesome weather for a beatdown with temps in the mid/upper 40s. Let's see how the old guy did...

**Warm-Up**

Jog through parking lot over to the bus loop and circle up for:

- 20 SSH, IC
- 10 WM, IC
- 30 Merkins
- 20 MC, IC

Backward run up the hill out or parking lot then head toward neighborhood circle, stopping for 5 burpees OYO on the way

**Thang 1**

4 "corners" around the circle, stopping for 13 (see what I did there?) reps of an exercise at each point. 6 loops with the following exercises:

- Hand-release merkins
- Jump squats
- LBCs
- Plank jacks
- Chilcutt march
- Death squats

**Thang 2**

Run back to the school and the now infamous wall. People's chair until all in

- BTTW - 5 count down the line. Then run across field, up the hill. Backwards run back to wall
- BTTW - Aborted 5-count down the line. 10 Australian MCs. Repeato run
- People's char - 5 count down the line. Repeato run

Run back to flag but do extra loop around parking lot to ensure 3-mile GT minimum requirement.

**Mary**

52 single count LBCs

10 Box cutters, IC

**Announcements**

- Can't remember the details but Ma Bell described an opportunity to do some handy man work through his church for those in need. See Ma Bell for details

**Prayers/Praises**

- Old Maid's family's travel and their time together
- Roxanne and his family on the anniversary of his father's passing

I feel like I may have forgotten an announcement/prayer or two, so please feel free to DM me so I can update.

As my Aunt Grace, who lived to be 99 years old, used to say about her upcoming birthday each year... "Keep 'em coming!"

YHC took us out. Always an honor to lead the men of Carpex.
