---
title: "50"
date: "2017-03-29"
categories: 
  - "shakin-not-stirred"
tags: 
  - "bartman"
  - "beaker"
  - "blue-and-out"
  - "burt"
  - "callahan"
  - "chanticleer"
  - "chinese-downhill"
  - "earhart"
  - "flip-flop"
  - "goose"
  - "grease-monkey"
  - "hermes"
  - "hotspot"
  - "largemouth"
  - "lulu"
  - "ma-bell"
  - "mccants"
  - "michelob"
  - "nabisco"
  - "nature-boy"
  - "ollie"
  - "pbx"
  - "pet-sounds"
  - "red-dawn"
  - "swag"
  - "water-wings"
  - "wilbur"
---

Within days after turning 49 last year, I started hearing questions like, "Are you still 49?", and "Shouldn't you be 50 by now?"  Contrary to McCants' accusations, I have not been 49 for 3 years.

Well, 49 no longer. 24 PAX showed up at SnS today to join in the 50th birthday Q celebration.  It went something like this:

_Warm up_

- Fellowship jog to lower parking lot
- 50 Merkins (because 50)
- 50 Hillbilies, IC
- 10 Good Mornings, IC
- 20 Mountain Climbers, IC

_Thang 1_

- Partner up - Run in opposite directions around the parking lot
- Meet on far side - 10 partner clap Markins
- Meet at start - 5 Shakira/hip dips on each side (a new Carpex favorite?)
- Repeato a total of 5 times (because 5x10)

Make our way to the kiosk via lunge walk, duck walk, Carioca and fellowship jog

_Thang 2_

- Locate your partner for Dora 1-2-3 - 100 Hand release Merkins, 200 Jump squats, 300 LBCs
- Partner 1 - start chipping away at above exercises
- Partner 2 run up the paved hill and bear crawl down the grass hill, run back to partner 1
- Flapjack until exercises are complete

Mosey to the side of Community Center.

_One more quick thang_

- Choose a travelling rock to share with your partner
- Partner 1 - BTTW
- Partner 2 - 1 lap around parking lot carrying the rock
- Flapjack

Fellowship jog back to start.  Out of time so no Mary

_Announcements_

- New high-intensity Carpex workout starting Monday, 4/3 at Koka Booth - 5:30am
    - Site Qs are Pet Sounds and Fluoride
    - A-team will operate at it's normal time and intensity that day
- Bull this Saturday (4/1)
- If you're not doing the Bull, and you want a high-intensity preview for the new workout, YHC is Qing 90-min Whiplash.
- Carpex/Churham convergence being planned for Saturday, May 6th, at Phoenix

_Prayers_

- Shut-In's wife and her recovery

YHC took us out

Thank you Burt, Chinese Downhill and Hotspot for the gifts.  They are much appreciated.  But I'm probably gonna need help chipping away at all those Mich Ultras.

Thank you all for coming out to help celebrate my birthday.  Hope you enjoyed it as much as I did.  As my Aunt Grace (who lived to be 99) used to say on her birthday, "Keep 'em coming".
