---
title: "Ruck 20100a and 20100b"
date: "2020-06-28"
categories: 
  - "goruck"
  - "rolling-stone-fitness"
tags: 
  - "bartman"
  - "geek-squad"
  - "trike"
---

A beautiful morning for Rolling Stone. Turns out this is my 100th ruck of the year, so the workout was laced with 100 reps / motions / etc.

YHC showed up for some EC shortly after 0500. Getting in 2 miles under 26 minutes was a great warm up (Ruck 20100a). I got back to see 1) some smiling faces and questions about how much weight people should or should not bring on this morning's workout and 2) that the GT flag was not in its usual spot. No disclaimer was needed so we started Ruck 20100b by pledging our allegiance and rucking over to the hill connecting the school with Preston Village.

At the base of the hill we gathered in some sort of a rhombus formation for GM ICx5, Imperial Walkers ICx25, calf stretches, and OYO SFAS and Michael Phelps. I then informed the PAX about my intentions for the 100 themed workout, which received a little more than a little complaining from @Trike, but that shouldn't be a surprise for anybody.

Thang 1: 10 Mericans at the bottom of the hill, ruck up to the top, 10 squats there, ruck back to the bottom, repeato x10. Vanilla has heck

We then headed in the direction of the Preston Village circle, but took a left through the greenway, down the stairs, across the fields to the picnic shelter. Everyone was instructed to grab a socially-distant bench.

Thang 2: four count step ups on the bench x100. Also vanilla as heck (YHC was the last one to finish though)

Cut through the sand volleyball courts, thought about doing sugar cookie style Mary, but instead headed back to the parking lot for Mary:

Rucks off, on your six for 100s, followed by LBCs in cadence x 50, and everybody's favorite - ruck held in the press position four count flutter kicks x 25, right into Have a Nice Day (not sure if it's ever felt better!)

So that was about 43.5 minutes of workout, headed over to join GT fellas to wrap up Mary and COT with them.

Announcements / P&P: Winterfell is reopening on Monday, TPC Sawgrass on Sunday (see Slack) P&P for Texas Ranger's daughter, others I can't recall at this time. @HiLiter took us out.

NMS: YHC had offered to buy coffee at Crema for any takers. I got sidetracked and ended up slamming a quick Bud Light courtesy of @WhiteClaw. As a result, @Bartman beat me to Crema and in true HIM fashion, picked up the tab for YHC and @GeekSquad. Lots of discussion of Google Fiber vs AT&T and humorous neighborhood situations of people intentionally cutting cords that were buried in their yards.

So an update on the 100 rucks so far this year. I set out to do 1000 miles of rucking at an average weight of 35# (35,000 ruck "work"). As of Friday morning, I had logged 452 miles and 15,600 mile pounds of Ruck Work. Unfavorable to plan in both categories for being around the midpoint of the year, so this will be an opportunity to re-focus and really get after it in the back half of the year. BOLO for me on the Maynard in the near future!
